ظآزThe whole world is lit upظآز
ظآزBecause you existظآز
ظآزYou're alwaysظآز
ظآزSomewhere close, flying with meظآز
ظآزGo to where the wind blowsظآز
ظآزHold tightظآز
ظآزTo the ray of light that belongs to usظآز
=Wild & Fiery=
=Episode 3=
You're truly dedicated
to your duty, Captain Shen.
What?
Are you coming
into my bedroom to protect me?
I'll just wait outside
to take you to the cocktail party.
What's wrong?
My hair seems
to be caught in the zipper,
and I can't reach it.
Could you come help me with it?
Hurry up! The party is about to start.
Captain Shen,
the party is about to start.
(Shen Jibai,
let's see how you handle this.)
Pull it quickly.
Despite Mu Zhiyu's "rich heiress" act,
her romantic life is a complete blank.
From here on,
it's up to you.
Thanks.
ظآزI'm all yoursظآز
ظآزAll yoursظآز
Don't forget.
You only get the money
if you complete the mission.
ظآزAll yoursظآز
ظآزI'm all yoursظآز
Shen Jibai,
you're taking advantage of me.
Don't turn this around on me.
You're clearly the one
who pulled me down.
ظآزAll yoursظآز
Where's my earring?
Did I lose it just now
while I was getting dressed?
Help me look for it.
Where is it?
(Shen Jibai,)
(you fell for it. Time to slip away.)
(you just couldn't stay away.)
You're certainly dedicated.
You won't even
take a chance to have a break.
No wonder my stepmom
thinks so highly of you.
It's truly admirable.
You're truly resourceful.
Just to change clothes,
you used a series of schemes.
With your reaction speed,
it's a real shame
you're not a secret agent.
I don't have time for your nonsense.
You're like a piece of gum
I can't shake off.
Yu, why are you standing at the door
instead of going in?
This must be the brute who damaged
the "Classic of Mountains and Seas."
No wonder he's shouting at the entrance.
I am Miss Mu's personal bodyguard,
Shen Jibai.
Pleasure to meet you.
Right.
For tonight's cocktail party,
we have private collections
from our He Group.
I hope you will be extra careful,
Captain Shen.
Will do.
Yu, Mr. Bai is waiting for us.
Let's head in first.
I've already checked
the logo you sent me.
It's at the nursing home
on the outskirts of the city.
But whether your dad is there
still requires further investigation.
Don't alert them yet.
Mr. Bai,
let me introduce you.
This is Mu Zhiyu,
the heiress of Mu Group.
She previously worked
at Sotheby's in the UK.
Yu,
this is Mr. Bai Shan.
He is also one of
the top collection masters
in the country.
Mr. Bai,
I've heard so much about you.
I heard from Min
that you wanted to talk to me
about a partnership
for the auction of collections.
I'm also
very interested.
But
I heard
that you seem to be
collaborating with Hong as well.
I heard Hong
has a strange temper
and is full of himself.
So many people went to visit him
only to be turned away.
They were even met with verbal abuse.
Someone like him
should be expelled from the art world,
not to mention a partnership.
Mr. Bai,
I wonder
if you've ever met Hong in person.
No.
Didn't I hear
that he is impossible to meet?
Forgive me for being blunt,
but Hong's work
speaks for itself.
Putting his character aside for now,
as a senior in the collection world,
to try to ruin someone's career
in public
based solely on hearsay,
don't you think that's inappropriate?
So you mean
I am intentionally slandering him?
I wouldn't dare.
However, as an auctioneer,
remaining impartial
is my basic professional ethic.
And I cannot
work with someone who defines
others based on one-sided stories.
Yu,
Mr. Bai was only
expressing his own view.
Business is business.
Let's
not be impulsive.
Please excuse me.
Ms. Mu,
this is bad.
An important exhibit for this exhibition,
the Han Dynasty White Jade Bowl, is missing.
Missing?
Did you check the surveillance?
Did you call the police?
Police? Better wait for Ms. Xu
to arrive before deciding.
We can't call the police.
Why?
If something is lost,
we should open a case for investigation.
But right now, we have no clues at all.
We don't even know how it was lost.
Rushing to call the police
will only hurt the Mu Group's reputation
and make the public
doubt our security system.
Is that what you want to see?
Besides, you just took over
as Business Director
and something like this happens.
Shouldn't you be thinking
about how to handle this properly?
I can take responsibility
for investigating this.
However,
I'm afraid doing it alone
won't be enough.
(Here's the chance.)
Everyone in the company
will fully cooperate with you.
Additionally, since Jibai
is the Head of Security,
he's very familiar
with the security system.
This matter
will be the joint
responsibility of both of you.
(Shen Jibai, I've created
the opportunity for you.)
(Don't you dare let me down.)
(This woman will stop at nothing)
(to achieve her goals.)
(Stepmom,)
(what kind of trick
are you trying to play now?)
ظآزLight comes beaming inظآز
ظآزLanding on my skinظآز
ظآزWarms the space you left behindظآز
ظآزShadows move aroundظآز
ظآزAwake, racing thoughtsظآز
ظآزTry to keep the memories safeظآز
ظآزDon't slip awayظآز
ظآزI'm all yours, all yoursظآز